This is the Breast Cancer Visualizer. Breast Cancer affects the most amount of individuals around
the world. This tool will demonstrate mutations and treatments of Breast Cancer. 

After running the application, press the instructions page to see what different pages are 
present in this app. Afterwards, go back to the original splash page and press the breast 
cancer cell (the brightly orange colored cell) to enter the first page.

After pressing the breast cancer cell, you will be directed to the breast cell page. Here 
use the slide bar at the center of the screen, choose the age of the patient we want to visualize, 
and press the button to set the age of the patient which will correspond to an immune system that 
will be developed for the visualizer. Next, press the input cells button to type a number of 
million cells (between 0 - 108) and watch as the cells begin to populate the screen. Next press the 
mutation input (Nonsense, Missense, Frameshift) to enter a mutation and watch as the cells begin 
to mutate (depicted by a change in color). Each mutation has a different model for the mutation 
development. Next as long as not all of the cells have mutated (which would be depicted by the phrase
'Patient has died') then input a treatment for the patient (Local, Regional, Distant). Notice
that the cells will still mutate but there are also cells reviving (by change in color). Now 
you may press the data visualization button at the top of the screen to see how the healthy cells 
and cancer cells have iterated over the cycle. After going back to the screen you can press
one of cells to go into the in-depth framework of the different mutations (your position will
be demonstrated by the highlighted features in the future pages). 

When you press one of the cells you will enter a cell page where you will see a sample set
of all the cells that were present in the breast cell page, but the ratio of number of mutated 
cells are depicted here too. In addition, note the signals doubling if there are mutations portrayed
on screen. Press one of the cells to enter the next page. 

After pressing one of the cells you will enter the organelle screen where you will see the mitochondria,
ribosomes, protein production, nucleus and DNA (which note is a direct representation of the DNA for
the respective mutation). If the cell is mutated, notice the textboxes, representing the impact 
the mutation had on the mitochondria and the protein production. Press the DNA in the nucleus
of the cell to enter the DNA page.

In the DNA page screen, notice the sequence of the mutated or unmutated DNA subsequence. If the
cell is mutated, then notice a textbox showing where that change in DNA sequence is. Next,
press the nucleotides to enter a toggle screen. Entering this screen, toggle through the nucleotides
with the arrow keys and see how the interaction is depicted. 

There are no external files besides the images needed to run this project. There are no external
libraries needed to be installed and/or no list of shortcut commands. 
